# Implementation of K-Means Clustering and Ordinal Logistic Regression on Branch Performance of PT. X
This is the project of my internship at a startup.
Online car buying and selling a business is an alternative in today's car sales. The longer PT. X has many well-known car buying and selling branches in 7 major cities of Indonesia, but a new problem has started, namely the difficulty of controlling all branches whether the branches are performing well and profitable or not. The purpose of this research is to answer this problem, by looking for the level of performance in each branch, especially the well-known branches in Jabodetabek using K-Means Clustering analysis to be able to categorize based on population data and a lot of sales in each branch, obtained 3 low-level clusters, level medium, and high level. Furthermore, looking for factors that influence the use of Ordinal Logistic Regression analysis to obtain a regression model that will later be applied to branches that are included in the low-level category. The results of the analysis show that 4 branches are included in the low-level cluster, 15 branches are in the medium-level cluster, and 11 branches are in the high-level cluster. Furthermore, the calculation of the regression model is carried out so that the results are that several branches still have a high chance of being included in the low-level category, namely the Cileungsi branch, Tunas Toyota Summarecon, Pamulang, and Cimanggis. Therefore, the company must take action on branches that are still likely to be at a low level by directly re-examining the area, reshuffling branch staff/closing branches if necessary.
